[ADD] payment_acquirers: add configuration steps for AsiaPay (#2628)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/payment_acquirers/asiapay.rst

===========
AsiaPay
===========

> `AsiaPay <https://www.asiapay.com/>`_ is an online payments provider established in Hong Kong and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AsiaPay <https://www.asiapay.com/>`_ is an online payment acquirer established in Hong Kong and
```

Reviewer 2: I'd keep `payment provider` since AsiaPay is indeed a "Payment Services Provider (PSP)" which offers a "payment gateway" = `payment acquirer` in Odoo. In 16.0, we will rename "acquirer" to "provider" everywhere to remove the confusion anyway.

covering several Asian countries and payment methods.

.. _payment_acquirers/asiapay/configure_dashboard:

Configuration on AsiaPay Dashboard
======================================

#. Log into `AsiaPay Dashboard <https://www.paydollar.com/b2c2/eng/merchant/index.jsp>`_ and go to
   :menuselection:`Profile --> Account Information`. Copy the values of the :guilabel:`Currency` and
   :guilabel:`Secure Hash` fields and save them for later.
#. | Go to :menuselection:`Profile --> Payment Account Settings` and enable the options
     :guilabel:`Return Value Link (Datefeed)`
   | Enter your Odoo database URL followed by
     `/payment/asiapay/webhook` in the :guilabel:`Return Value Link (Datefeed)` text field.
   | For example: `https://yourcompany.odoo.com/payment/asiapay/webhook`.

>    | Click on **Test** to check if the webhook is working probably.

Author: haha i meant to write properly by my brain was dead at that moment. I will use correctly instead. Thanks!

#. Click on **Update** to finalize the configuration.

.. _payment_acquirers/asiapay/configure_odoo:

Configuration on Odoo
=====================

#. :ref:`Navigate to the payment acquirer AsiaPay <payment_acquirers/add_new>` and change its
   state to :guilabel:`Enabled`.
#. | In the :guilabel:`Credentials` tab, fill the :guilabel:`Merchant ID`, :guilabel:`Currency`, and
     :guilabel:`Secure Hash Secret` with the values you saved at the step
     :ref:`payment_acquirers/asiapay/configure_dashboard`.
   | By default :guilabel:`Secure Hash Function` is set to **SHA1**. If it is different than the value

>      from :ref:`payment_acquirers/asiapay/configure_dashboard`. You could enable **Developer Mode** to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     from :ref:`payment_acquirers/asiapay/configure_dashboard`, you can enable **Developer Mode** to
```
